OSDOCS-16959-ldap-identity-sync CQA (#116487)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ldap-auto-syncing.adoc

[id="ldap-auto-syncing_{context}"]
= Automatically syncing LDAP groups

[role="_abstract"]
Configure a cron job to automatically sync LDAP groups with {product-title} so you can keep group membership up to date without running manual sync commands.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
* You configured an LDAP identity provider (IDP).

> * You created an LDAP secret named `ldap-secret` and a config map named `ca-config-map`.

Reviewer: I _think_ you can leave this bullet as is. I _think_ the secret and config map can use any name. This prereq seems to suggest the names must be ldap-secret and ca-config-map. In the [Configuring LDAP section](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.22/html/authentication_and_authorization/configuring-identity-providers#identity-provider-creating-ldap-secret_configuring-ldap-identity-provider), they don't mention that the specific names are required (although they are used).

Author: I could remove the names and I don't think it would mess up the meaning of the prerequisite

  name: ldap-group-syncer
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: ldap-group-syncer
    namespace: ldap-sync
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: ldap-group-syncer
----
+
where:

`subjects.name`:: Specifies a reference to the service account created earlier in this procedure.

> `roleRef.name`:: Specifies a reference to the cluster role created earlier in this procedure.

Reviewer: I think:

```suggestion
`subjects.name`:: Specifies the service account created earlier in this procedure.
`roleRef.name`:: Specifies the cluster role created earlier in this procedure.
```

      tolerateMemberNotFoundErrors: false
      tolerateMemberOutOfScopeErrors: false
----
+
where:

`data.sync.yaml`:: Specifies the sync configuration file.
`data.sync.yaml.url`:: Specifies the URL.
`data.sync.yaml.bindDN`:: Specifies the `bindDN`.

> `data.sync.yaml.rfc2307`:: Specifies the RFC2307 schema and adjust the values as necessary. You can also use a different schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`data.sync.yaml.rfc2307`:: Specifies the RFC2307 schema. Adjust the values as necessary. You can also use a different schema.
```

                name: "ldap-group-syncer"
            - name: "ldap-bind-password"
              secret:
                secretName: "ldap-secret"
            - name: "ldap-ca"
              configMap:
                name: "ca-config-map"
          restartPolicy: "Never"
          terminationGracePeriodSeconds: 30
          activeDeadlineSeconds: 500
          dnsPolicy: "ClusterFirst"
          serviceAccountName: "ldap-group-syncer"
----
+
where:

`spec`:: Specifies the configuration settings for the cron job. See "Creating cron jobs" for more information on cron job settings.
`spec.schedule`:: Specifies the schedule for the job specified in link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron[cron format]. This example cron job runs every 30 minutes. Adjust the frequency as necessary, making sure to take into account how long the sync takes to run.

> `spec.jobTemplate.spec.ttlSecondsAfterFinished`:: Specifies how long, in seconds, to keep finished jobs. This should match the period of the job schedule in order to clean old failed jobs and prevent unnecessary alerts. For more information, see link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished[TTL-after-finished Controller] in the Kubernetes documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spec.jobTemplate.spec.ttlSecondsAfterFinished`:: Specifies how long, in seconds, to keep finished jobs. This should match the period of the job schedule in order to clean old failed jobs and prevent unnecessary alerts. For more information, see link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished[Automatic Cleanup for Finished Jobs (Kubernetes documentation)].
```
